Cloud computing involves the delivery of IT resources such as databases,
compute power, application, security,
etc, over the Internet.
There are three characteristics of Cloud computing.
Pay-as-you-go, autoscaling, and serverless.
Pay-as-you-go which means there are no long-term contracts,
and you pay only for what you use.
Sometimes you pay by the minute,
hour, or even second.
Autoscaling simply means resources that grow
or shrink or automatically scale based on demand.
Servers can be provisioned almost instantly so that you don't have to guess
about capacity or make huge capital investments in servers upfront.
I'm sure you've heard the term serverless in relation to the Cloud.
This simply means that a Cloud provider manages the servers for you.
You, as the developer, simply write code.
The Cloud provider executes that code on
some server somewhere and you're not concerned with that aspect.